Add tctl acl create for access list (#67726)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/reference/cli/tctl.mdx

|`--source`|*no default* (any of (repeatable): `AWS`, `Entra`, `Gitlab`, `Okta`, `TELEPORT`)|Filter by source (repeatable; each is OR'd). Combine axes with --filter.|
|`--type`|*no default* (any of (repeatable): `aws_ec2`, `aws_eks`, `aws_rds`, `aws_s3`, `aws_user`, `entra_user`, `gitlab_project`, `gitlab_user`, `okta_application`, `okta_user`, `teleport_application`, `teleport_bot`, `teleport_database`, `teleport_desktop`, `teleport_kubernetes`, `teleport_node`, `teleport_user`)|Filter by origin type (repeatable; each is OR'd). Combine axes with --filter.|

## tctl acl create

Create an access list.

Use --access-type if you want Teleport to create the supporting roles for you.
It sets how members are granted access:

>   standing       members get ongoing access to the resources set below.

Reviewer: not sure if this makes more sense/consistent with the rest of the code, but it made sense in my head...
```suggestion
  standing       members receive persistent access to the resources set below.
```

  request-based  members must request that access; owners approve.

These roles are built from the resource flags you set. Without --access-type,
a plain access list is created with no roles, and you set its grants yourself.

Resource access (requires --access-type), grouped by target:

>   SSH servers          --node-labels, --logins

Reviewer 2: ~~I'm assuming that the arguments to the plural flags are comma separated lists? Is that explained to the user anywhere?~~

Edit: Just saw the placeholders in the command spec

  Databases            --db-labels, --db-users, --db-names
  Kubernetes           --kubernetes-labels, --kubernetes-users, --kubernetes-groups
  Windows desktops     --windows-labels, --windows-logins
  Git servers          --github-orgs
  AWS Identity Center  --aws-ic-assignments
  Web applications     --app-labels, --aws-role-arns, --azure-identities,
                       --gcp-service-accounts, --mcp-tools

Usage:

```code
$ tctl acl create [<flags>]
```

Flags:

|Flag|Default|Description|
|---|---|---|

> |`--access-type`|*no default* (one of: `standing`, `request-based`)|How members are granted access: 'standing' (members get ongoing access to the resources described by the resource flags) or 'request-based' (members must request access; owners review). When omitted, a plain access list is created with no auto-generated roles.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`--access-type`|*no default* (one of: `standing`, `request-based`)|How members are granted access: 'standing' (members receive persistent access to the resources described by the resource flags) or 'request-based' (members must request access; owners review). When omitted, a plain access list is created with no auto-generated roles.|
```
